oh yeah I got caught smoking weed at
universities I had my girl bring my kid
away and I was outside of the Jurassic
Park I didn't get called by the police
but I was outside of the jurassic park
ride and i was like all right you know
bring him to go get a soda or whatever
i'm gonna sit here and smoke my vape pen
and there's like one of the handlers
they have a thing where they have a
velociraptors I get person into costume
but it's again i'ma try to cost ya and
they're pretending to be like a
velociraptor and the the trainers like
trying to calm him down it's a whole
display with the kids and everyone's
really excited so I'm just like how I
watching it like getting stone zoning
out and at one point the girls got like
one of those you know microphone face
pieces on she just goes she goes sir not
here and that was it I went up and then
I just sir not here fade it off yeah I
know I wonder if they're cooler about it
now now this is a year ago oh there's
not that long ago Wow I was very
surprised I was like this is California
well not only that would it would if it
was a vape pen with tobacco or CBD or
are you allowed to do that probably not
I think they're smoking areas that are
designated but she knew what it was she
saw my face my mouth was a gape watching
real velociraptors walking around I was
losing my mind it was all dude like get
out of here stoner yeah that was
listening to the radio in Utah and they
were talking about how they have to re
they have to figure out what to do with
their drug sniffing dogs now cuz there's
no reason it must be some is there a
change in Utah as Utah changing their
their drug policy because it was funny
that's listening to this old dude on
just for the for the fuck of it I was
listening the AM radio rock radio and
this old dude was talking about how they
they're gonna decommission some of these
drug sniffing dogs because they'd use
him on like traffic stops there we go
medical marijuana in Utah could mean
retirement for generation of drug
canines just fucking putting these dogs
down well they also were worried about
the police officers themselves losing
jobs you when you hear about pot that's
making its way into a place like Utah
you know first of all you realize
goddamn
pot is really you can't stop it's here
the genies out of the bottle it's here
the revenues and Grandma feels better ya
know the
alzheimer the people that have all these
serious issues that CBD is fixing
brightest patients people with like real
problems that are not finding any other
solution that works the way cannabis
does they just give it in and then
they're making all this money but then
you see these old folks that are from a
different time and they're talking about
it and they they look at it in terms of
like how many police jobs are gonna go
away bright how many dogs are gonna be
one of them smoke weed so they're like
it's not really my problem and
interesting to watch them look at it as
an economic issue the problem is you
have pot heads that are leading the
charge so it's it for a long time it was
difficult to take him serious yeah you
needed straight-laced guys to come in
and you know there's a lot of money
there there's so much money in it that
you're getting that but when you have
fucking hippies playing hacky sack and
you know you know weren't puka-shell
necklace is is sort of hard to take them
seriously when the reality is they kind
of want to be legalized for recreational
purposes and you know yeah I don't like
for I don't I don't use we SS doesn't
try to I do take CBD I did literally
during that fight I was using topical
CBD the whole time so I guess you take
whirl - I do I take CBD excellent daily
but I don't know infinite CBD sponsors
are our podcast and great festivals well
they're also I'll get you a bunch of
products is there a really great company
that supports comedy they sponsored my
tour when I was prepare for my special
they're fucking dope but I take it daily
I take the the oil just because you know
apparently all of the the benefits that
it has with getting your body back into
homeostasis and making you feel better
and getting back in line I don't know
the fucking effects I smoke weed every
day as well so I'm sure i'm getting CBD
effects as well but in my mind I'm going
to I have a bunch of this stuff I know
that since I started taking it i weirdly
feel better but i can't really connect
you said before you take CBD and you go
into another realm well I was taking one
and one it's like one gram of CBD - one
gram of THC like it's it's one part well
so whatever milligrams you have it's Bo
like it's ten milligrams CBD it's ten
milligrams we as well its Pope yeah I
take regular CBD too though I take oil I
feel like it's it's very beneficial and
much more potent in terms of its
anti-inflammatory benefits then
just smoking it smoking it does
something for you definitely reduces
inflammation makes you feel better I was
taking sore joints a topical I was using
topical is good too but I think the real
combination is topical plus the oil you
don't have to say but people a lot of
people find that they have better pain
relief from one versus one plus one like
one part
THC one part so it's like edible like
you know marijuana mixed with CBD a lot
of people find great benefit in that for
some reason yeah I had a trick my aunt
because my aunt so anti drugs and if I
told her that CBD was derived from hemp
shoot she wouldn't take it was just bad
arthritis and I gave it to her for for
that and she loves it and I told her
after the fact but it's grabbing dude
it's just a plant folks and if you just
get straight CBD it has no psychoactive
properties there's no it's not gonna the
only thing it's gonna do is for some
folks and it works a little bit left
wave with me it alleviates some anxiety
just relaxes you yeah yeah that's uh
that's why I smoke weed - yeah I smile
and I've been arrested probably ten
times in my life and every time was for
smoking a joint in the street every
single time dude the arrested they take
you in yeah New York Turkey fucking cell
it's crazy
still there still do the last time I was
put into a cell for smoking weed was a
year and a half ago me and Dave Smith
two years ago maybe me and you tell me
you were Lewis J Gomez guy told me Louis
calm eyes that's when I start using the
middle in - I was like you know what
it's problems election
fucking Lewis Gomez's must have rap
sheets doggy every time I come back into
the country I'm pulled into a room and
they fucking they look like they're
about to fist fuck me with a rubber
glove
every time have you been to Panama honey
ton recently sir yes come right this way
every single any time Bolivia sir but
yet dude when in New York City the way
it works is you its dude it sucks it's
happened so many times it's the worst
because it's just a major inconvenience
you know pay me ask to get into Canada I
can do it now cuz they changed the laws
but I didn't go to Canada for like three
years because of weed for being arrested
for a joint we're not talking about like
I have an ounce that I just bought from
my dealer and they found a large amount
on me
a joint smoking on the street what they
do is they they at first they they take
the weed and they go all right we're
gonna give you a ticket just hang tight
relax we're gonna put cuffs on you this
is just keep you calm and just to
fucking get you in the paddy wagon this
is all a process then they put you in a
paddy wagon they used to have sweet
nights in New York where all it was was
they would go and try to find kids
smoking weed kid drunk kids college kids
pissing in public public intoxication
and the entire night they would just
pick up everybody and fill up paddy
wagons and create criminals just create
criminals out of teenagers you know
kitten they were targeted that's why the
stop and frisk law has happened in New
York they changed it because they were
just targeting black and Hispanic kids